first impressions of Bug b, before i know whats broken, everything is bigger than i would think it should be. We know its not the computer because im in the lab.

I guess i kinda skipped to the disabling objects steps since  didn't know what exactly to google to describe what i know remember is clipping planes , which i knew would be found under the camera component


2:30 ish pm Wednesday oct 22

When i press play it looks as if the depth of view is too short for the large scene. it cuts off. Still don't know if i need to make the player bigger or if im supposed to be small.

git push 

Im going to check the Xr origin now even though its last on the list.

under Gaze interactor, disabled disable visuals when blocked
nope

uncheck gaze interactor
nope undo 
 push 

gonna put it different Xr mobile origin
nah undo that that's not right

clipping planes! how bout i just add a few zeros to at 10000 on the far side

I did it ! no more clipping! no googling required. I would've googled if i was positive this was the actual issue i was supposed to fix, i was just going off a hunch we will see. 

i should push this and then see if i can get going any faster or get bigger as the player.

scaled up player/xr origin.

tripled move speed under locomotion child. 
not that much faster, i remember this always moving kind of slow so I'm not quite sure I'm fixing the right problem. maybe i already found it with the clipping thing.

If the problem was clipping or scale, i fixed it. if it was movement speed, kind of sorta fixed it. if its anything else it honestly isn't obvious enough

Jackson insinuated i had a bandaid solution. boo hoo. now what. 

googled : clipping bugs in uniter XR origin
https://discussions.unity.com/t/unity-xri-sample-scene-main-camera-has-strange-clipping/1629449
video isn't there. figures.
on the solved section it mentions Occlusions Mesh. Let me see if i can find that.

now i added the script that was left under the solved section of the post. left in the resource folder.

i keep putting on bandaids but i dont even know where BLEEDING is happening.

i dont know what else to do so im just going to save for today


back two days later. Scale balanced and things look correct now. 